hello my movie addicts family now on our featured
video we will do a recap on action crime horror
mystery thriller 2021 movie titled spiral from the
book of saw don't forget to click the like button
subscribe and hit the bell icon to get notified
for our every upload here in our channel
and now let's begin with the movie warning heavy
spoilers ahead the film opens with a cop named
mark boswick walking through a street festival
he witnessed someone got pickpocketed and pursues
the perpetrator through the crowd and follows him
into the sower system boswick is then attacked and
knocked unconscious by a figure in a pig mask when
he awakens boswick finds himself on a subway track
he is standing on a stool bound by razor wire and
his tongue is screwed into a vise a tv also placed
on the track turns on and he sees a video from
someone mimicking the jigsaw killer from the saw
films the video says the bose wick used his tongue
to lie in court and railroad innocent people
now he will be literally railroaded by an oncoming
subway unless he rips out his tongue and jumps
off the track boswick struggles and eventually
rips off his tongue but it's to no avail as he
is too slow and is crushed by the train we cut
to a man named zeke banks committing a robbery
with his gang as his gang tries to escape they
are surrounded by cops it's revealed that banks
is an undercover agent because he didn't inform
his precinct of this heist they blew his cover
banks has no choice but to return to his role
as a detective banks has a fraud relationship
with the other cops in the precinct we learns that
they despise him because he turned in a dirty cop
banks also feels inferior because his father
marcus was the precinct's old campus in the
beloved cop captain angie garza assigns
him a rookie partner named william shank
shank remarks that marcus is the reason for
everything he does captain garza as signs
banks and shank investigate the killing in the
subway not knowing that the corpse is boswick
the pair also bond with banks telling shank
that he is divorced and doesn't trust women
[ __ ] replies that he is happily married with a
young son at the crime scene the victim cannot be
identified and all the pieces was scattered after
they returned to the precinct banks gets a package
with a usb drive and it is a message played
by the new jigsaw killer the killer explains
that he intends to reform the police through
his actions it ends with an image of a spiral
painted on the wall of the courthouse the cops
go to the courthouse where they find another box
inside is boswick's tongue and badge the police
now realize the killer is targeting them and that
boswick was killed in the subway banks pays his
respects to boswick's widow and has an argument
with his ex-wife who is also there banks goes home
for the night where his father is waiting for him
the two have a distant and strained relationship
nonetheless marcus promises to help banks with
the case over dinner the following night in
a flashback we learn that the police officer
banks turned in for being dirty was named pete
banks witnessed pete shoot and kill a potential
witness in a murder case against a cop due to
banks testimony pete went to jail for nine years
the next morning detectives kraus and fitch use
video footage to identify the man boswick was
pursuing before he was murdered they decide not to
tell banks because they hate him fitch goes to a
warehouse where he believes the suspect's staying
but finds nobody there instead he is knocked
unconscious by a cloaked figure when he awakens
he finds himself in a trap that night banks goes
to his father's home to work on the case but finds
him gone a flashback shows that marcus disapproved
of banks turning in pete but still did his best
to protect his son from the inevitable blowback
the next day another package from the jigsaw
killer is delivered to banks revealing a new
location the police venture there and find fitch's
badge and his ten severed fingers in a flashback
we learn that fitch refused to provide backup for
banks out of anger for what happened with pete
as a result banks is shot while pursuing a suspect
marcus then punches fitch for his insubordination
but doesn't remove him from the force then in
the crime scene another flashback shows us what
happened the jigsaw killer explains in a recording
that fitch used his fingers to murder people so he
must narrate them off to live fitch once gunned
down an innocent man after the man insulted
him during a traffic stop the jigsaw killer has
placed fitch in a tub slowly filling with water
at some point the water will hit exposed
electricity wires and electrocute him
each of fitch's fingers is attached by a wire to
a winch that is activated whenever fitch clenches
his teeth on a mechanism the detective tries to
rip off his fingers but like boswick doesn't do
it fast enough to escape death banks and shank
continue the investigation but find no leads
banks decides to interrogate pete who is
now leading a recovery group for ex-convicts
pete is regretful for killing the witness
but still bitter at banks for turning him in
nonetheless he has an alibi for the murder
meanwhile marcus has still never returned home
the next day banks gets another package inside
this one is shank skin banks recognizes it due
to the skin containing a tattoo from shanks arm
in the note the killer says he is under bank skin
and he will soon go for the head there is also
another clue linked to where the body can be found
banks is devastated that his new partner is dead
at the precinct garza gets a text telling her to
get a file from the cold case storage room that
will help her crack the jigsaw case simultaneously
as banks goes to tell shanks family of his death
the police scanner announces an attack by the
jigsaw killer on a beat cop banks rushes to the
scene where the cop says that he was slashed by
a person in a pig mask banks is confused as
this doesn't match the jigsaw killer's ammo
he eventually deduces that this attack was simply
meant to distract the police he also realizes
that when the killer said it was going for the
head he meant chief garza as the head of police
banks can't get in touch with the chief and rushes
back to the station meanwhile the message to garza
lures her into an ambush and she is apprehended
by the killer and attached to a trap the killer's
recording explains that garza turns a blind
eye to the rampant corruption in her precinct
and she must be punished a faucet above her head
begins dripping scalding hot wax onto her face
she can deactivate the trap if she jabs her
neck against a blade and sever her spinal cord
otherwise the wax will silence her forever garza
is killed by the wax with banks arriving a few
moments too slow to save her banks blames pete
for the murders while another cop blames marcus
banks is unsure what to do as he has no idea
where his father is but he pursues his initial
lead and goes after pete when he arrives at pete's
workplace he is knocked unconscious by the killer
in another flashback marcus found the killer's
headquarters marcus is attacked by the killer is
knocked out when banks recovers he is handcuffed
to a pipe with a hacksaw nearby banks readies
himself to saw through his handcuffs but to no
avail then he sees a bobby pin on the floor nearby
he uses the pin to pick the lock banks learns
he is locked in a room with a captured pete
a recording play is telling the duo
that pete's life is in bank's hands
a crusher machine is then activated and
glass bottles are sent into the machine
via conveyor belt when the bottles are crushed the
shards are shot out of the crusher and into pete's
back banks finds the key to release pete and is
wounded by the glass in his efforts to free him
although banks freeze pete from the trap pete
dies from his wounds the door opens and banks
walks out to find shank it turns out that shank is
the new jigsaw killer we learn that shank was the
son of the witness that pete murdered banks made
sure that shenk wasn't also killed after helping
him stay hidden after his dad was shot shank
explains that he faked his family so that people
wouldn't suspect him as a killer and that the skin
with the tattoo on it was actually boswick skin
that he tattooed after boswick died shank tells
banks that he has his father he used bank's phone
and texted him the address for the ambush shank
then asks banks to join him in his mission of
killing dirty cops shenk also explains that
he was inspired in this mission by john cramer
the original jigsaw killer bank says he will
join shank but the killer doesn't trust him
shinks says the banks failed the first test by
trying to save pete he will now give banks a
second test to see if banks can be trusted shank
calls the police and reports an active shooting at
their location and hands banks a gun with one
bullet he then leads banks into a room where
marcus is strung up by wires from the rafters
shink has been slowly draining marcus's blood
the test is that banks can shoot a mechanism that
will allow his father to be freed if he does that
shink will make an escape through a hidden
elevator knowing that banks is not an ally
banks can also shoot shank and stop him but
will then have no bullets remaining to free
marcus and marcus will die of blood loss or banks
can escape with shank thus proving his commitment
and become shanks partner shenk explains that
marcus is being punished because he was the chief
who presided over a reign of terror letting his
precinct engage in all manner of illegal behavior
in the name of being tough on crime when shanks
said everything was due to marcus he meant that
marcus is indirectly responsible for his father's
death marcus objects to this portrayal and claims
his tactics did more good than harm meanwhile
the cops arrive and begin storming the warehouse
banks eventually uses the bullet to activate the
mechanism to free his father marcus though still
attached to the wires is lowered to the ground
banks pulls out the tubes draining marcus's
blood as shank runs to the escape elevator banks
manages to catch up to shank and the pair engage
in a fistfight the cops bust through the door
and rush in the wires suddenly activate again
manipulating marcus like a marionette the same
type of puppet shank used to deliver his messages
as the jigsaw killer the wires make it look
like marcus is aiming a weapon at the cops banks
abandons shank to try and call off the cops but
they open fire marcus is killed in front of his
son as bank screams out in rage shink disappears
in his elevator with a smile on his face
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos